[2.9.0] Adding docs for agent-tls-mode (#1378)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/install-upgrade-on-a-kubernetes-cluster/install-upgrade-on-a-kubernetes-cluster.md

:::note

> If you want terminate SSL/TLS externally, see [TLS termination on an External Load Balancer](../installation-references/helm-chart-options.md#external-tls-termination). As outlined on that page, this option does have additional requirements for TLS verification.

Author: I think that this was already present in the previous changes. I'd like to keep this PR focused on the new docs that I added. Would you mind clarifying if you see this as new changes?

> If you want terminate SSL/TLS externally, see [TLS termination on an External Load Balancer](../installation-references/helm-chart-options.md#external-tls-termination). As outlined on that page, this option does have additional requirements for TLS verification.

Reviewer: It's on the same line as other modified text. IMO it makes more sense to correct the typo here than to create a new PR just to add "to externally"

> If you want terminate SSL/TLS externally, see [TLS termination on an External Load Balancer](../installation-references/helm-chart-options.md#external-tls-termination). As outlined on that page, this option does have additional requirements for TLS verification.

Author: In the interests of time, I can make this one change, but please let's keep this focused on the changes made in the PR. There's already a lot of feedback to adjust to, want to keep the review reasonable.

:::

There are three recommended options for the source of the certificate used for TLS termination at the Rancher server:

> - **Rancher-generated TLS certificate:** In this case, you will need to install `cert-manager` into the cluster. Rancher utilizes `cert-manager` to issue and maintain its certificates. Rancher will generate a CA certificate of its own, and sign a cert using that CA. `cert-manager` is then responsible for managing that certificate. In this case, no extra action is needed when `agent-tls-mode` is set to strict.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph already starts with `In this case,` so potentially we can just drop it from here.

```suggestion
- **Rancher-generated TLS certificate:** In this case, you will need to install `cert-manager` into the cluster. Rancher utilizes `cert-manager` to issue and maintain its certificates. Rancher will generate a CA certificate of its own, and sign a cert using that CA. `cert-manager` is then responsible for managing that certificate. No extra action is needed when `agent-tls-mode` is set to strict.
```

> - **Rancher-generated TLS certificate:** In this case, you will need to install `cert-manager` into the cluster. Rancher utilizes `cert-manager` to issue and maintain its certificates. Rancher will generate a CA certificate of its own, and sign a cert using that CA. `cert-manager` is then responsible for managing that certificate. Since Rancher generates the certificates in this case, no extra action is needed when `agent-tls-mode` is set to strict.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Rancher-generated TLS certificate:** In this case, you will need to install `cert-manager` into the cluster. Rancher utilizes `cert-manager` to issue and maintain its certificates. Rancher will generate a CA certificate of its own, and sign a cert using that CA. `cert-manager` is then responsible for managing that certificate. In this case, no extra action is needed when `agent-tls-mode` is set to strict.
```

Reviewer 3: Just a minor nit, that perhaps the phrase can be made simpler by removing possible redundancy.

> - **Let's Encrypt:** The Let's Encrypt option also uses `cert-manager`. However, in this case, cert-manager is combined with a special Issuer for Let's Encrypt that performs all actions (including request and validation) necessary for getting a Let's Encrypt issued cert. This configuration uses HTTP validation (`HTTP-01`), so the load balancer must have a public DNS record and be accessible from the internet. When setting `agent-tls-mode` to `strict`, you must also provide `--privateCA=true` and upload the Let's Encrypt CA as specified in [Adding TLS Secrets](../resources/add-tls-secrets.md). 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **Let's Encrypt:** The Let's Encrypt option also uses `cert-manager`. However, in this case, cert-manager is combined with a special Issuer for Let's Encrypt that performs all actions (including request and validation) necessary for getting a Let's Encrypt issued cert. This configuration uses HTTP validation (`HTTP-01`), so the load balancer must have a public DNS record and be accessible from the internet. When setting `agent-tls-mode` to `strict`, you must also specify `--privateCA=true` and upload the Let's Encrypt CA as described in [Adding TLS Secrets](../resources/add-tls-secrets.md). 
```

> - **Let's Encrypt:** The Let's Encrypt option also uses `cert-manager`. However, in this case, cert-manager is combined with a special Issuer for Let's Encrypt that performs all actions (including request and validation) necessary for getting a Let's Encrypt issued cert. This configuration uses HTTP validation (`HTTP-01`), so the load balancer must have a public DNS record and be accessible from the internet. When using `agent-tls-mode` set to `strict`, you must also provide `--privateCA=true` and upload the let's encrypt CA as specified in [Adding TLS Secrets](../resources/add-tls-secrets.md). 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **Let's Encrypt:** In this case, cert-manager is combined with a special Issuer for Let's Encrypt that performs all actions necessary for getting a Let's Encrypt issued cert, including request and validation. This configuration uses HTTP validation (`HTTP-01`), so the load balancer must have a public DNS record and be accessible from the internet. When setting `agent-tls-mode` to `strict`, you must also provide `--privateCA=true` and upload the Let's Encrypt CA as specified in [Adding TLS Secrets](../resources/add-tls-secrets.md). 
```

Author: As per usual, I'm going to focus on changes made in this PR. Since I only added thee later part of this, I won't make the change s you suggested for the first sentence.

> - **Bring your own certificate:** This option allows you to bring your own public- or private-CA signed certificate. Rancher will use that certificate to secure websocket and HTTPS traffic. In this case, you must upload this certificate (and associated key) as PEM-encoded files with the name `tls.crt` and `tls.key`. If you are using a private CA, you must also upload that certificate. This is due to the fact that this private CA may not be trusted by your nodes. Rancher will take that CA certificate, and generate a checksum from it, which the various Rancher components will use to validate their connection to Rancher. If `agent-tls-mode` is set to `strict`, this CA must be uploaded, or downstream clusters may fail to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Bring your own certificate:** This option allows you to bring your own public- or private-CA signed certificate. Rancher will use that certificate to secure websocket and HTTPS traffic. In this case, you must upload this certificate (and associated key) as PEM-encoded files with the name `tls.crt` and `tls.key`. If you are using a private CA, you must also upload that certificate. This is due to the fact that this private CA may not be trusted by your nodes. Rancher will take that CA certificate, and generate a checksum from it, which the various Rancher components will use to validate their connection to Rancher. If `agent-tls-mode` is set to `strict`, the CA must be uploaded so that downstream clusters can successfully connect.
```

> - **Bring your own certificate:** This option allows you to bring your own public- or private-CA signed certificate. Rancher will use that certificate to secure websocket and HTTPS traffic. In this case, you must upload this certificate (and associated key) as PEM-encoded files with the name `tls.crt` and `tls.key`. If you are using a private CA, you must also upload that certificate. This is due to the fact that this private CA may not be trusted by your nodes. Rancher will take that CA certificate, and generate a checksum from it, which the various Rancher components will use to validate their connection to Rancher. If `agent-tls-mode` is set to `strict`, this CA must be uploaded or downstream clusters may fail to connect.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **Bring your own certificate:** This option allows you to bring your own public- or private-CA signed certificate. Rancher will use that certificate to secure websocket and HTTPS traffic. In this case, you must upload this certificate (and associated key) as PEM-encoded files with the name `tls.crt` and `tls.key`. If you are using a private CA, you must also upload that certificate. This is due to the fact that this private CA may not be trusted by your nodes. Rancher will take that CA certificate, and generate a checksum from it, which the various Rancher components will use to validate their connection to Rancher. If `agent-tls-mode` is set to `strict`, this CA must be uploaded, or downstream clusters may fail to connect.
```

- Set `letsEncrypt.ingress.class` to whatever your ingress controller is, e.g., `traefik`, `nginx`, `haproxy`, etc.
- For Kubernetes v1.25 or later, set `global.cattle.psp.enabled` to `false` when using Rancher v2.7.2-v2.7.4. This is not necessary for Rancher v2.7.5 and above, but you can still manually set the option if you choose.

:::warning

> When the `agent-tls-mode` setting is set to `strict` (including on default, new installs of 2.9), you must supply the `--privateCA=true` flag and upload Let's Encrypt's Certificate Authority as outlined in [Adding TLS Secrets](../resources/add-tls-secrets.md). Information on identifying Let's Encrypt's Root CA can be found in the Let's Encrypt [docs](https://letsencrypt.org/certificates/). If this isn't done, then Rancher may fail to connect to new or existing downstream clusters.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When the `agent-tls-mode` setting is set to `strict` (even by default, on new installs of 2.9), you must supply the `--privateCA=true` flag and upload the Let's Encrypt's Certificate Authority as outlined in [Adding TLS Secrets](../resources/add-tls-secrets.md). Information on identifying the Let's Encrypt's Root CA can be found in the Let's Encrypt [docs](https://letsencrypt.org/certificates/). If this isn't done, Rancher may fail to connect to new or existing downstream clusters.
```

Author: I re-worded the part which specifies that this is the default on new installs of 2.9. However, I left off the "the" suggestion - keep in mind that there's a `'s` in both cases of "Let's Encrypt". So I think the right choice would either be `the Let's Encrypt Certificate Authority` or `Let's Encrypt's Certificate Authority` (the CA belonging to Let's Encrypt). Since the second one is already there, I'm going to leave that as is. Let me know if you prefer the first (with the but without the `'`) and I can give it another look.

> When the `agent-tls-mode` setting is set to `strict` (which it is by default on new installs of 2.9), you must supply the `--privateCA=true` flag and upload Let's Encrypt's Certificate Authority as outlined in [Adding TLS Secrets](../resources/add-tls-secrets.md). Information on identifying Let's Encrypt's Root CA can be found in the Let's Encrypt [docs](https://letsencrypt.org/certificates/). If this isn't done, then Rancher may fail to connect to new or existing downstream clusters.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When the `agent-tls-mode` setting's value is `strict` (which it is by default on new installs of 2.9), you must supply the `--privateCA=true` flag and upload Let's Encrypt's Certificate Authority as outlined in [Adding TLS Secrets](../resources/add-tls-secrets.md). Information on identifying Let's Encrypt's Root CA can be found in the Let's Encrypt [docs](https://letsencrypt.org/certificates/). If this isn't done, then Rancher may fail to connect to new or existing downstream clusters.
```

> When the `agent-tls-mode` setting's value is `strict` (which it is by default on new installs of 2.9), you must supply the `--privateCA=true` flag and upload Let's Encrypt's Certificate Authority as outlined in [Adding TLS Secrets](../resources/add-tls-secrets.md). Information on identifying Let's Encrypt's Root CA can be found in the Let's Encrypt [docs](https://letsencrypt.org/certificates/). If this isn't done, then Rancher may fail to connect to new or existing downstream clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `agent-tls-mode` is set to `strict` (the default value for new installs of Rancher v2.9), you must supply the `--privateCA=true` flag and upload the Let's Encrypt's Certificate Authority as outlined in [Adding TLS Secrets](../resources/add-tls-secrets.md). Information on identifying the Let's Encrypt's Root CA can be found in the Let's Encrypt [docs](https://letsencrypt.org/certificates/). If you don't upload the CA, then Rancher may fail to connect to new or existing downstream clusters.
```

Reviewer 3: Perhaps?

> (the default value for new installs of Rancher starting from v2.9)
